hello and welcome back to learn English
with Minecraft
this is a series where I teach English
while trying to beat Minecraft
my name is Kenzo
and this is English from the ground up
first of all look at this
look at this I did a lot of building in
between this video and the last video
so
do you remember in the last video when I
said I was going to cover up the hole
that went down to the XP farm
well I did it
this is what I built
this is a water elevator
that you can swim down
and up
and
this water elevator goes all the way
down to the XP farm
and there's a roof up here it's roofed
so the sunlight doesn't shine down this
hole
so down there in the spawner it's a lot
darker
and over here
this is the parrot that I befriended in
the jungle in the last video
I think I'm going to name this parrot
Stephen
Stephen the parrot
I'm going to quickly go inside the house
and go to sleep
sleep
all right morning are the bees outside
bees
the bees aren't spinning around oh this
one is
this bee is spinning
this be
is just staying still
it's staying still it's not moving
are you okay
okay outside
let's close the gates
okay over there
I have planted some bamboo
and it's already growing pretty tall
it's grown pretty tall
and I've continued working on the barn
the barn over there
I still haven't finished building the
roof
see
the roof isn't finished
see this is the barn
I still have a lot of work to do on the
roof
these are windows so you can see the
cows and the Sheep
let's go inside inside the barn so let's
open the doors
oops close
so inside my barn I have cows and sheep
over on this side uh let's see
fences
I'm going to finish building the fences
right here
fences fences
there we go so on this side I have sheep
and cows but on this side I'm going to
have pigs and chickens
so look at this fence
there are no fence gates that can open
and close
there aren't any Gates
and that's because I can get inside the
fence by jumping on top of these white
carpets see
jump
jump this is a little bit of a trick
I can jump on top of the carpets
but the animals can't
so I can use the carpets to get in and
out of these fenced areas
all right back outside
I'm going to eat some baked potatoes
dive
okay let's go over to that door
so I can use this door on my tower
to go up
up here to where my house and my garden
is or
I can use this to go down
down splash
to where my XP farm is and look at the
XP farm I replaced all of the walls with
wood
all of the walls are now wooden
and this was actually terrible because
it took me a long time to replace all of
the walls with wood
and the whole time I had to listen to
these spiders go
they're really loud
die I'm going to break these walls
place a torch there and there
to see if it makes the spiders spawn
less
because they're really loud
and I'll kill these spiders
die
okay
so the first thing that I want to do in
this video
is decorate this spawner so let's see I
have some paintings some lanterns
some fences
let's see what I can do to make this
area look better
um I think I want to place a lantern
right here maybe like this
and then I'll place a fence
a fence
and hanging from the fence
I'll place
a lantern
like that
and maybe I'll Place some stairs upside
down like this
no
no okay
I like it
and up here I want to place some
paintings
like this whoa this painting is too big
I want a smaller painting so let's pick
it up
and replace a painting
okay
I have an idea
Maybe
I'll play some dirt right here to block
it from making a huge painting again
um
okay
let's try this again
Stone
there we go I like that painting so I
need to place a block below it and above
it
break these
one block below and one block above
like that
cool
all right I like these paintings
now maybe I'll Place some leaves up
there in that corner
uh
yeah
I don't really like that
I'm going to break them
sticks
sticks fell from those leaves maybe I'll
go like this
um leaves leaves
and then trap doors
like this
and maybe I'll play some slabs below
slabs
now I'll place the slabs below these
leaves
yeah I don't really like it
more trapped doors
maybe I'll Place more leaves above
um I don't know
um
I don't really like this
I don't like it
and also look at this
this blocks me from walking up the
stairs
I'm going to destroy this because I
don't like it
break okay maybe I'll try placing some
fences up there on the ceiling
up here
um like this
okay that looks okay
and maybe I'll Place one more Lantern
hanging from that middle fence
no no that was too many lanterns in the
same spot
okay that's good for now I might change
things in the future but for now it's
good
so
I'm going to break these torches break
break
and
replace the stone right here
and the spiders have begun spawning
again
all right
back up
almost there
here we are house
whoa
Enderman
die
die die die die
oh
oh he's inside
got him and he dropped the eye
the ender pearl
okay I'm going to put away my building
supplies
and I'm going to pick up
my bamboo
bamboo
so now that I have an XP farm
I can get lots of experience levels
really fast
right now I'm level 28.
but
those levels don't matter unless I have
an enchantment table
and that leads me to the next thing that
I want to build which is an enchanting
room
and
because I've gotten some comments
telling me to build a bamboo house
I think I'm going to build the
enchanting room out of bamboo
bamboo
so I'm going to start by building lots
of bamboo blocks
so these take a lot of bamboo
each block takes nine bamboo
like this one two three four five six
seven eight nine
nine bamboo makes one bamboo block
bamboo block
and one bamboo block
makes
two bamboo planks
so I'm going to need a lot of bamboo
let's see
bamboo
all right
34 bamboo blocks
let's see how many
bamboo blocks I can make with all of
this bamboo
bamboo
okay
so with all of my bamboo I could only
make
62 bamboo blocks
hopefully that's enough
um with the bamboo blocks I'm going to
build some bamboo planks
okay 46 and I'll build more if I need
them
all right and I've begun building
the bamboo enchanting room
over there
do you see it
all right
so this is where I'm going to build my
bamboo enchanting room right here
I'm going to place the enchanting table
right here
in the middle in the middle of the room
and around it
surrounding the enchantment table I'm
going to place
bookshelves
so all of these dirt blocks are going to
have bookshelves placed on top of them
I'm going to place my crafting table
crafting table
and first I'm going to build some glass
panes
glass panes
um
48 of them
48. now I'm going to build some bamboo
stairs
okay I built
eight bamboo stairs
I'll Place one right here
that I'm going to extend these pillars
in the corners a little bit higher
I need to pick up some dirt
okay
dirts
all right
one two three four
it's going to be a tall building
and on this side I'm going to extend it
only three
one two three
and
so it's going to be a little bit taller
on this side than on this side it's
getting dark
uh I'm a little bit worried
okay I'll go to sleep
oh I almost died I'm gonna eat some
potatoes
I ate potatoes while I was swimming
the Moon
the Enderman dropped this grass block
right in front of my house
I'm going to break it break all right
sleep
I need coffee
bees
yep there he goes
all right
I'm back to work I'm swimming swimming
swimming
another Enderman
okay
there we go
all right
we'll do the same on this side I built
pillars on this side and on this side
okay that will be the frame around the
door I'm going to place Windows here
here here
and here
so I think that on this side
I'm going to place walls here
and here
and I'll build the window in the middle
jump
ah I ran out of bamboo
I can already tell that I'm going to
need more
bamboo
oh I missed a spot
there we go
I'll Place some stairs
like this
and like this
all right now I'm going to place blocks
of bamboo all around the top of this
structure like this
bamboo
and I need to build more bamboo planks
okay
it doesn't look very good yet
hopefully it'll get better
and I'll place the stairs upside down up
there
like this
and like this
and now I'll place the glass
okay good enough
and glass
all right
does that look good
[Music]
um
kind of
stairs
more stairs
and I'll do the same thing on this side
stairs
and stairs oh no I need one more block
of stairs for right here
and I don't have enough bamboo blocks
oh well
I'll place the glass
and I'm missing some stairs right here
oh well
I'll play some torches
all right I'll need to finish building
this bamboo enchantment room in the
future
because right now I'm out of bamboo
but I have some more growing right here
oh I almost died
okay I'll collect some of this bamboo
listen
do you hear the bamboo going splash
in the water
oh
go away drowned
go away
wow the good thing is that this bamboo
grows really fast
all right now I'll pick up all of this
bamboo that fell in the water
there's lots of it
oh
where's the drowned
somewhere there's a drowned throwing
tridents at me
foreign
over there
oh I'm gonna eat potatoes
oh
die die die
I'm hiding behind the bamboo
there it is
[Music]
come on drone
never mind
[Music]
thank you
I'm hiding
[Music]
I'm waiting to heal a little bit
okay let's go
die die no no
ah run away
I'm going to kill that drowned
there it is
jump
what
wow
that drowned is really good at throwing
let's go
I die die die die die I'm dead I'm
okay let's try again
actually
I'm going to get a sword from up here
sword
actually wait do I have any arrows
I have 10 arrows
okay
I'm going to test out my enchanted bow
on this drones
where are you drowned
there it is
die
one shot
it killed him in one shot oh
wow there's so many okay
I'm looking for my sword there it is
and I'm picking up all my things
armor
glass my diamond pickaxe
bamboo my helmets
okay more bamboo boots
die die die die die die
okay I think that's everything
yeah
all right back home
and let's go to sleep
uh
I died twice
I'm going to put on my armor my chest
plates my helmet my leggings and of
course my boots
all right and there's one last thing
that I want to do in this video let's go
outside
and
first I'm going to collect some wheat
some Wheats
there's lots of wheat right here
so much wheat
grades
okay now I'll replant all the seeds
seeds
excuse
okay
let's see how much wheat that I got from
all of this
okay
a good amount
the next thing that I need to do is go
over
to the barn
jump
swim swim I'm swimming with a spy glass
in my hand
okay all right and using the bucket
I'm going to get some milk from one of
these cows
now I have
a bucket of milk
now
from my food chest down here I'm going
to collect some eggs
eggs
and finally I'm going to collect some
sugar cane from outside my house
down there
there's my sugar cane all right let's
get some sugarcane
that's enough sugar cane
back up first I'm going to turn the
sugar cane
into
sugar
now I have 49 sugar I just looked in the
crafting table
and saw that I need two more buckets of
milk
so back to the barn milk milk all right
okay
now
using one two
three
buckets of milk
one two
sugar
two sugar
one egg
and one two three
three wheat I'm going to build
a cake
right here I'll build a little table
with some chairs
chair and chair
I'll put armrests on the chairs using
signs
and on
the table I'll place the cake
and I'll eat some eat eat eat eat eat
eat eat eat eat
I ate the whole cake
all right and I think I'm going to end
this video right here
thank you so much for watching if you
liked this video you could leave me a
like or hit the Subscribe button and as
always I will see you in the next
episode
see ya
branches
[Music]